OSDOCS-11784: removes SDN from commands and misc spots (#80911)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/investigating-master-node-installation-issues.adoc

[id="investigating-master-node-installation-issues_{context}"]
= Investigating control plane node installation issues

> If you experience control plane node installation issues, determine the control plane node {product-title} OVN-Kubernetes network plugin, and network Operator status. Collect `kubelet.service`, `crio.service` journald unit logs, and control plane node container logs for visibility into control plane node agent, CRI-O container runtime, and pod activity.

Reviewer: I think no need to change here

It is not possible to run `oc` commands if an installation issue prevents the {product-title} API from running or if the kubelet is not running yet on each node:
====
+
. Determine {product-title} OVN-Kubernetes status.
+

> .. Review `ovn-controller`, `ovn-kubernetes`, and `ovs` daemon set status, in the `openshift-ovn-kubernetes` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Review `ovnkube-node` daemonset status, in the `openshift-ovn-kubernetes` namespace:
```
